`load_teams()` returns cleaned team abbreviations (#164)
nflverse/nflreadr: NEWS.md

- `.clear_cache()` now re-exported without dot prefix as `clear_cache()`. Hopefully more obvious. (v1.3.1.01)
- `join_coalesce()` is now added as a utility to join two dataframes and coalesce any shared columns. (v1.3.1.02)

> - `load_teams()` now uses the argument `current` to only return team abbreviations in `nflreadr::team_abbr_mapping`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load_teams()` now uses the argument `current` (TRUE/FALSE) to standardize which rows are returned - this aligns with `nflreadr::clean_team_abbrs` and `nflreadr::team_abbr_mapping`
```
